Simplify docs testing/contribution using Jekyll Docker image (#619)
vmware-samples/vcenter-event-broker-appliance: docs/README.md

  - **resources** - specifically designed for the resources page

## Run the website locally

> To ensure the changes to any file or folder that power the website is valid, please verify changes locally before you push to the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To validate changes to any file/folder to the website, please verify them locally before you push to the repo.
```

### Pre-Reqs
* Install [Docker Client for your operating system](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)

### Build and View Documentation

Step 1 - Change into the `docs` directory

Step 2 - Run the following command to start the [Jekyll Docker container image](https://github.com/envygeeks/jekyll-docker/) and begin serving the documentation:

```bash
docker run --rm \
  --volume="$PWD:/srv/jekyll" \
  --publish 4000:4000 \
  jekyll/jekyll \
  jekyll serve
```

> Step 3 - Once the documentation serving is ready, you can open a browser to `localhost:4000` to view documentation locally. If you need to change the default port (4000), you can modify the command from Step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 3 - Once the server is ready, you can open a browser to `http://localhost:4000` to review the documentation locally. If you need to change the default port (`4000`), modify the `--publish` arguments from step 2.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: nit: This should be moved up before step 3

<snip>

Configuration file: /srv/jekyll/_config.yml
   GitHub Metadata: No GitHub API authentication could be found. Some fields may be missing or have incorrect data.
fatal: not a git repository (or any parent up to mount point /srv)
Stopping at filesystem boundary (GIT_DISCOVERY_ACROSS_FILESYSTEM not set).
            Source: /srv/jekyll
       Destination: /srv/jekyll/_site
 Incremental build: disabled. Enable with --incremental
      Generating...
YAML Exception reading /srv/jekyll/site/examples-knative.md: (<unknown>): did not find expected key while parsing a block mapping at line 2 column 1
       Jekyll Feed: Generating feed for posts
                    done in 7.926 seconds.
 Auto-regeneration: enabled for '/srv/jekyll'
    Server address: http://0.0.0.0:4000
  Server running... press ctrl-c to stop.
```

> > **Note:** To stop serving the documentation using the Jekyll container, enter Ctrl+C

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** To stop serving the documentation using the Jekyll container, press Ctrl+C
```
